= system-settings plugin for Rails

system-settings is a plugin makes it easy to store application settings in the 
database as key-value pairs. The data is stored in a table named system_settings
with three columns; id, name and value.  The ActiveRecord model SystemSetting 
allows access to the settings via array functions such as;

SystemSetting['foo']                 # nil
SystemSetting['foo'] = 'bar'
SystemSetting['foo']                 # 'bar'

You can generate the migration, a test and a sample fixture by running the 
generator 'system_settings' via a command such as;

  ruby script/generate system_settings

The plugin can also return the version of the database. The version is made up 
of the version string extracted from the schema_info table combined with the 
SystemSetting['minor.version'] if it exists. The name of the method is db_version
and it is injected into ActiveController:Base and exposed as a helper method. 

This plugin can also ensure that the application constant RAILS_ENV matches the 
database environment by checking that SystemSetting['environment'] == RAILS_ENV.
When the environment does not match an exception is thrown. To enable this functionality
add the following line to your ApplicationController

  self.check_environment

The plugin also provides a generator for generating a controller that can display system
information via a command such as;

  ruby script/generate sysinfo_controller

== Details

License: Released under the MIT license.
Latest Version: http://www.realityforge.org/svn/public/code/system-settings/trunk/

== Credits

RedHill Consulting, Pty. Ltd. for the initial work on a similar plugin. 
Peter Donald <peter at realityforge dot org>.
